https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBbCXKVUAwU hallucinogen-herb garden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF4RCOcz9ow tiny tim-living in the sunlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NXnxTNIWkc 4 Non Blondes - What's Up 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eQQKVKjifQ Tiptoe through the tulips- Tiny Tim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwBS6QGsH_4 Will Smith - Miami 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CbFAZ2ztlE Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2rVnRwW0h8 Cowboy Bebop OST 1 - Tank! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZJDYlxkM-c Shadilay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ejga4kJUts The Cranberries - Zombie 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0a5BJxrarL0 dubioza kolektiv USA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Fju9o8BVJ8 hell broke luce-tom waits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClQcUyhoxTg blue oyster cult-don't fear the reaper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2yy141q8HQ Eels-Novacaine for the soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9UsDl5gSuo Nearer My God to Thee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v--IqqusnNQ David Bowie - Life On Mars?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tgcc5V9Hu3g David Bowie - Heroes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRcPA7Fzebw David Bowie - Starman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kszLwBaC4Sw David Bowie - Blackstar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHlidfF7nK8 Shpongle - Around the World in a Tea Daze (full)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8Fad9yJN_o Infected Mushroom - U R So Fucked [HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ4R30OhEAE Africa [8 Bit Tribute to Toto] - 8 Bit Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRcPA7Fzebw David Bowie-Starman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Emg14MOMDgU Heather Alexander-March of Cambreadth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJNz2QgSNsk Imperial Guard Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bzWSJG93P8 Imperial March
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyS_oIZMhSw Imagine Communism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g we didn't start the fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeMvMNpvB5M barracuda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s down under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbNlMtqrYS0 I would walk 500 miles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY toto-africa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WANNqr-vcx0 White rabbit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6K3T63w8AA meme music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DboMAghWcA hero of war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHnJp0oyOxs allentown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l8Wkrb5JNw infected mushroom - send me an angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDvr08sCPOc fort minor remember the name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWTFG3J1CP8 Tetris Melody soviet music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bewcw1PWtHY Killin' It - Foxy Shazam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ormy7u2CCS4 Oh Lord-Foxy Shazam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYt38d57c64 Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard-Paul Simon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WANNqr-vcx0 Jefferson Airplane-White Rabbit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FYAW_6kAEw Blind Faith-Can't Find My Way Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwT6DZCQi9k blurred lines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kh7cTdoGaQ Metal Shadilay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cruRyoo2xiE Sound of social justice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ9r8LMU9bQ Rock the Casbah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfK-WX2pa8c london calling
